Add more info to Readme (#12)
form3tech-oss/extra-cilium-metrics: README.md

# extra-cilium-metrics

An exporter of extra Cilium metrics in Prometheus format.

> The purpose of `extra-cilium-metrics` is to provide extra cilium metric which are not exposed by [build in Prometheus exporter](https://docs.cilium.io/en/v1.9/operations/metrics/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The purpose of `extra-cilium-metrics` is to provide extra cilium metrics which are not exposed by [built-in Prometheus exporter](https://docs.cilium.io/en/v1.9/operations/metrics/).
```

> Extra metrics were hand picked based on there usefulness to us. Data for them is provided by Cilium API but were not exposed as Prometheus metric.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Extra metrics were hand picked based on their usefulness to us. Data for them is provided by Cilium API but they are not exposed as Prometheus metric.
```

> Collection of metrics is synchronous operation, aka there will be collected from cilium at the `/metrics` handler invocation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Collection of metrics is synchronous operation, i.e. they will be collected from cilium agent at the `/metrics` handler invocation.
```
